Update the coding standard (#7363)
eclipse/omr: doc/CodingStandard.md

}
```

> * Utilize the below format for comparisons (<, <=, >, or >=) of the form _min <= value <= max_ to improve clarity.

Reviewer: Using brackets and a code block will be better in highlighting the notation than italicizing the text.
```suggestion
* Utilize the below format for comparisons `(<, <=, >, or >=)` of the form `(min <= value <= max)` to improve clarity.
```

}
```

> * When comparing a value with two other values with <, <=, >, or >= utilize the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Utilize the below format for comparisons (<, <=, >, or >=) of the form _`min <= value <= max`_ to improve clarity.
```

* The ") {" sequence provides a clear visual indication that the condition has ended and the block has begun.
* C order of operation rules are complicated; avoid confusion and mistakes by using parentheses to make the order explicit.
* Combining assignment and tests violates the "Try to do only one thing on each line of code" principle.

> * When comparing a value with two other values as ((min <= value) && (value <= max)), it is clearer.

Reviewer: This can be removed since the above suggestion includes the justification next to the example.

> * It seems that when comparing a value with two other values as ((min <= value) && (value <= max)), it is clearer.

Reviewer 2: I suggest removing "It seems that".
